README.md, before:

============================================================================

__Configured for MY Tevo Tarantula. It works for me, it may not work for you!__

Do not use the configuration files in the main Marlin folder. Copy the configuration
files from the "example configurations/TEVO Tarantula" folder.

Open configuration.h file in a text editor and make the changes at the top (EasyConfig)
section of the file. You should not have to make any other changes.

See [this video](https://youtu.be/-sQ8p00pG5E) for an excellent tutorial on using this firmware.

Do you have a configuration for the Tarantula that is not covered in the EasyConfig? Would
you like to share it with others by having it added to the EasyConfig?
If so, please contact me at jb.github (at) rcairgallery (dot) com and we'll work something
out. (Note: Please do not contact me for support questions. I'm afraid I just do not have
the time for answering such inquiries. Best bet is to ask in the Tevo Tarantuala
Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/TEVO.3dprinter.owners/.)

Thanks!

============================================================================

# Marlin 3D Printer Firmware

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MarlinFirmware/Marlin.svg?branch=RCBugFix)](https://travis-ci.org/MarlinFirmware/Marlin)
[![Coverity Scan Build Status](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2224/badge.svg)](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2224)

<img align="top" width=175 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/logo/marlin-250.png" />

Additional documentation can be found at the [Marlin Home Page](http://marlinfw.org/).
Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way. Volunteers are standing by!

## Bugfix Branch

__Not for production use. Use with caution!__

This branch is used to accumulate patches to the latest 1.1.x release version. Periodically this branch will form the basis for the next minor 1.1.x release.

Download earlier versions of Marlin on the [Releases page](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/releases). (The latest tagged release of Marlin is version 1.1.7.)

## Recent Changes
- Internally always use native machine space
- Initial UBL LCD Menu
- New optimized G-code parser singleton
- Initial `M3`/`M4`/`M5` Spindle and Laser support
- Added `M421 Q` to offset a mesh point
- Refinements to `G26` and `G33`
- Added `M80 S` to query the power state
- "Cancel Print" now shuts off heaters
- Added `EXTRAPOLATE_BEYOND_GRID` option for mesh-based leveling

## Submitting Patches

Proposed patches should be submitted as a Pull Request against this branch ([bugfix-1.1.x](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/bugfix-1.1.x)).

- This branch is for fixing bugs and integrating any new features for the duration of the Marlin 1.1.x life-cycle. We've opted for a simplified branch structure while we work on the maintainability and encapsulation of code modules. Version 2.0 and beyond should improve on separation of bug fixes and cutting-edge development.
- Follow the proper coding style to gain points with the maintainers. See our [Coding Standards](http://marlinfw.org/docs/development/coding_standards.html) page for more information.
- Please submit your questions and concerns to the [Issue Queue](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues). The "naive" question is often the one we forget to ask.

### [RepRap.org Wiki Page](http://reprap.org/wiki/Marlin)

## Credits

The current Marlin dev team consists of:
 - Roxanne Neufeld [[@Roxy-3D](https://github.com/Roxy-3D)]
 - Scott Lahteine [[@thinkyhead](https://github.com/thinkyhead)]
 - Bob Kuhn [[@Bob-the-Kuhn](https://github.com/Bob-the-Kuhn)]

Notable contributors include:
 - Alberto Cotronei [[@MagoKimbra](https://github.com/MagoKimbra)]
 - Andreas Hardtung [[@AnHardt](https://github.com/AnHardt)]
 - Bernhard Kubicek [[@bkubicek](https://github.com/bkubicek)]
 - Bob Cousins [[@bobc](https://github.com/bobc)]
 - Chris Palmer [[@nophead](https://github.com/nophead)]
 - David Braam [[@daid](https://github.com/daid)]
 - Edward Patel [[@epatel](https://github.com/epatel)]
 - Erik van der Zalm [[@ErikZalm](https://github.com/ErikZalm)]
 - Ernesto Martinez [[@emartinez167](https://github.com/emartinez167)]
 - F. Malpartida [[@fmalpartida](https://github.com/fmalpartida)]
 - Jochen Groppe [[@CONSULitAS](https://github.com/CONSULitAS)]
 - João Brazio [[@jbrazio](https://github.com/jbrazio)]
 - Kai [[@Kaibob2](https://github.com/Kaibob2)]
 - Luc Van Daele[[@LVD-AC](https://github.com/LVD-AC)]
 - Nico Tonnhofer [[@Wurstnase](https://github.com/Wurstnase)]
 - Petr Zahradnik [[@clexpert](https://github.com/clexpert)]
 - Thomas Moore [[@tcm0116](https://github.com/tcm0116)]
 - [[@alexxy](https://github.com/alexxy)]
 - [[@android444](https://github.com/android444)]
 - [[@benlye](https://github.com/benlye)]
 - [[@bgort](https://github.com/bgort)]
 - [[@Grogyan](https://github.com/Grogyan)]
 - [[@marcio-ao](https://github.com/marcio-ao)]
 - [[@maverikou](https://github.com/maverikou)]
 - [[@oysteinkrog](https://github.com/oysteinkrog)]
 - [[@p3p](https://github.com/p3p)]
 - [[@paclema](https://github.com/paclema)]
 - [[@paulusjacobus](https://github.com/paulusjacobus)]
 - [[@psavva](https://github.com/psavva)]
 - [[@Tannoo](https://github.com/Tannoo)]
 - [[@teemuatlut](https://github.com/teemuatlut)]
 - ...and many others

## License

Marlin is published under the [GPL license](/LICENSE) because we believe in open development. The GPL comes with both rights and obligations. Whether you use Marlin firmware as the driver for your open or closed-source product, you must keep Marlin open, and you must provide your compatible Marlin source code to end users upon request. The most straightforward way to comply with the Marlin license is to make a fork of Marlin on Github, perform your modifications, and direct users to your modified fork.

While we can't prevent the use of this code in products (3D printers, CNC, etc.) that are closed source or crippled by a patent, we would prefer that you choose another firmware or, better yet, make your own.

Commit message:

Standard configuration, no longer need example

README.md, after:

============================================================================

__Configured for MY Tevo Tarantula. It works for me, it may not work for you!__

Open configuration.h file in a text editor and make the changes at the top (EasyConfig)
section of the file. You should not have to make any other changes.

See [this video](https://youtu.be/-sQ8p00pG5E) for an excellent tutorial on using this firmware.
(NOTE: It is no longer necessary to copy the configuration files from the example configurations folder.)

Do you have a configuration for the Tarantula that is not covered in the EasyConfig? Would
you like to share it with others by having it added to the EasyConfig?
If so, please contact me at jb.github (at) rcairgallery (dot) com and we'll work something
out. (Note: Please do not contact me for support questions. I'm afraid I just do not have
the time for answering such inquiries. Best bet is to ask in the Tevo Tarantuala
Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/TEVO.3dprinter.owners/.)

Thanks!

============================================================================

# Marlin 3D Printer Firmware

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MarlinFirmware/Marlin.svg?branch=RCBugFix)](https://travis-ci.org/MarlinFirmware/Marlin)
[![Coverity Scan Build Status](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2224/badge.svg)](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2224)

<img align="top" width=175 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/logo/marlin-250.png" />

Additional documentation can be found at the [Marlin Home Page](http://marlinfw.org/).
Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way. Volunteers are standing by!

## Bugfix Branch

__Not for production use. Use with caution!__

This branch is used to accumulate patches to the latest 1.1.x release version. Periodically this branch will form the basis for the next minor 1.1.x release.

Download earlier versions of Marlin on the [Releases page](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/releases). (The latest tagged release of Marlin is version 1.1.7.)

## Recent Changes
- Internally always use native machine space
- Initial UBL LCD Menu
- New optimized G-code parser singleton
- Initial `M3`/`M4`/`M5` Spindle and Laser support
- Added `M421 Q` to offset a mesh point
- Refinements to `G26` and `G33`
- Added `M80 S` to query the power state
- "Cancel Print" now shuts off heaters
- Added `EXTRAPOLATE_BEYOND_GRID` option for mesh-based leveling

## Submitting Patches

Proposed patches should be submitted as a Pull Request against this branch ([bugfix-1.1.x](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/bugfix-1.1.x)).

- This branch is for fixing bugs and integrating any new features for the duration of the Marlin 1.1.x life-cycle. We've opted for a simplified branch structure while we work on the maintainability and encapsulation of code modules. Version 2.0 and beyond should improve on separation of bug fixes and cutting-edge development.
- Follow the proper coding style to gain points with the maintainers. See our [Coding Standards](http://marlinfw.org/docs/development/coding_standards.html) page for more information.
- Please submit your questions and concerns to the [Issue Queue](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues). The "naive" question is often the one we forget to ask.

### [RepRap.org Wiki Page](http://reprap.org/wiki/Marlin)

## Credits

The current Marlin dev team consists of:
 - Roxanne Neufeld [[@Roxy-3D](https://github.com/Roxy-3D)]
 - Scott Lahteine [[@thinkyhead](https://github.com/thinkyhead)]
 - Bob Kuhn [[@Bob-the-Kuhn](https://github.com/Bob-the-Kuhn)]

Notable contributors include:
 - Alberto Cotronei [[@MagoKimbra](https://github.com/MagoKimbra)]
 - Andreas Hardtung [[@AnHardt](https://github.com/AnHardt)]
 - Bernhard Kubicek [[@bkubicek](https://github.com/bkubicek)]
 - Bob Cousins [[@bobc](https://github.com/bobc)]
 - Chris Palmer [[@nophead](https://github.com/nophead)]
 - David Braam [[@daid](https://github.com/daid)]
 - Edward Patel [[@epatel](https://github.com/epatel)]
 - Erik van der Zalm [[@ErikZalm](https://github.com/ErikZalm)]
 - Ernesto Martinez [[@emartinez167](https://github.com/emartinez167)]
 - F. Malpartida [[@fmalpartida](https://github.com/fmalpartida)]
 - Jochen Groppe [[@CONSULitAS](https://github.com/CONSULitAS)]
 - João Brazio [[@jbrazio](https://github.com/jbrazio)]
 - Kai [[@Kaibob2](https://github.com/Kaibob2)]
 - Luc Van Daele[[@LVD-AC](https://github.com/LVD-AC)]
 - Nico Tonnhofer [[@Wurstnase](https://github.com/Wurstnase)]
 - Petr Zahradnik [[@clexpert](https://github.com/clexpert)]
 - Thomas Moore [[@tcm0116](https://github.com/tcm0116)]
 - [[@alexxy](https://github.com/alexxy)]
 - [[@android444](https://github.com/android444)]
 - [[@benlye](https://github.com/benlye)]
 - [[@bgort](https://github.com/bgort)]
 - [[@Grogyan](https://github.com/Grogyan)]
 - [[@marcio-ao](https://github.com/marcio-ao)]
 - [[@maverikou](https://github.com/maverikou)]
 - [[@oysteinkrog](https://github.com/oysteinkrog)]
 - [[@p3p](https://github.com/p3p)]
 - [[@paclema](https://github.com/paclema)]
 - [[@paulusjacobus](https://github.com/paulusjacobus)]
 - [[@psavva](https://github.com/psavva)]
 - [[@Tannoo](https://github.com/Tannoo)]
 - [[@teemuatlut](https://github.com/teemuatlut)]
 - ...and many others

## License

Marlin is published under the [GPL license](/LICENSE) because we believe in open development. The GPL comes with both rights and obligations. Whether you use Marlin firmware as the driver for your open or closed-source product, you must keep Marlin open, and you must provide your compatible Marlin source code to end users upon request. The most straightforward way to comply with the Marlin license is to make a fork of Marlin on Github, perform your modifications, and direct users to your modified fork.

While we can't prevent the use of this code in products (3D printers, CNC, etc.) that are closed source or crippled by a patent, we would prefer that you choose another firmware or, better yet, make your own.
